docs: refactor the sidebar (#526)
alchemyplatform/aa-sdk: site/using-smart-accounts/manage-user-sessions.md

---
outline: deep
head:
  - - meta
    - property: og:title
      content: Alchemy Signer • Manage user sessions
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: Learn how to configure and leverage sessions for you users with the Alchemy Signer
  - - meta
    - property: og:description
      content: Learn how to configure and leverage sessions for you users with the Alchemy Signer
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:title
      content: Alchemy Signer • Manage user sessions
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:description
      content: Learn how to configure and leverage sessions for you users with the Alchemy Signer
---

# Manage user sessions

> By default the `AlchemySigner` leverages `localStorage` to cache user sessions for 15 minutes. This can be configured by passing in a [`sessionConfig`](/packages/aa-alchemy/signer/overview.html#parameters) to your `AlchemySigner` constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the `AlchemySigner` leverages `localStorage` to cache user sessions for 15 minutes. You can optionally configure this by passing in a [`sessionConfig`](/packages/aa-alchemy/signer/overview.html#parameters) to your `AlchemySigner` constructor.
```
